Create geoip plugin (#4688)
miekg/coredns: plugin/mmdb/README.md

> # mmdb

Reviewer: wouldn't geo or geoip be more descriptive?

Author: I recognize I was on the fence choosing a name.

Technically speaking the plugin is providing support for `mmdb` format databases, some of which don't provide geoip data, see: Domain, ASN, connection type, ISP, anonymous IP, etc.

In the other hand `mmdb` databases seems to be better known and became popular providing geoip data, all of those databases (including the ones providing non geo data) are often referred as geoIP.

I really have no strong opinion on one or the other, at some point I even used geoIP2 as plugin name...then renamed to `mmdb` to be technically correct.

What do you think we should be using?

Author: Changed to geoip

## Name
*mmdb* - Lookup maxmind geoip2 databases then add associated data to the context request.

## Description

> *mmdb* - Allows you to configure [geoIP2 maxmind databases](https://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/docs/databases) and automatically associate and DNS request data matching the client IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *mmdb* plugin allows configuring a  [geoIP2 maxmind databases](https://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/docs/databases) to automatically associate a geographic region by matching the client IP.
```

Author: Many of those databases provides useful data which is not geographic, see: https://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/docs/databases I feel with little effort (by handling their specific schemas) this plugin could support them all, allowing users to hook any of those databases instead of just doing geo with City, Country and Enterprise databases.

What do you think?

Author: Narrowed down to only one type.

Common use cases would be adding per request GEO location data, ISP, ASN, etc.

> The data will be added to the request context leveraging the [metadata](../metadata/README.md) plugin, and therefore data will be available by make use of it, label names will be created using the following convention.

Reviewer: this sentence doesn't work

Author: ok, will give it a second look after all proposed changes have been merged.

## Databases

> The following official [max mind databases](https://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/docs/databases) are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following  [max mind databases](https://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/docs/databases) are allowed.
```

- Anonymous IP
- ASN
- City
- ConnectionType
- Country
- Domain
- Enterprise

> - ISP

Reviewer: unclear what these actually mean...?

Author: Those are the names of the popular databases that maxmind provides and  which can be used to provide data associated with IP addresses, and which could be configured in this plugin, I didn't want to copy/paste the description on each of them and rather provided a link to their website, where they are detailed.

Do you feel we should be doing differently?

> Databases with custom schemas are not allowed, but may be supported in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Databases with custom schemas are not supported yes.
```

Author: I guess you meant `s/yes/yet/` - will do.

> ## Metadatada Label/Value Convention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Metadatada Labels
```

> **Label**: plugin/mmdb/`KEYNAME`/...
> 
> **Value**: Will be the associated field value in its string representation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > Note: Numberic types will be represented in base 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that  numberic types will be represented in base 10.
```

For example, in a `City` database but not limited to those fields:

| Label                                                 | Value            |
| :---------------------------------------------------- | :-------------   |

> | `plugin/mmdb/city/names/en`                           | `Cambridge`      |

Reviewer: think the label is just `mmdb..../`

Author: Done

| `plugin/mmdb/country/names/en`                        | `United Kingdom` |
| `plugin/mmdb/continent/names/en`                      | `Europe`         |
| `plugin/mmdb/registered_country/is_in_european_union` | `false`          |

> | `plugin/mmdb/location/longitude`                      | `0.1315`         |

Reviewer: can this be sortened? Ie. mmdb/longitude? Or do you get collisions then? What main categories are there? What sub categories are there, i.e. what is the meaning of these label after you've explained the syntax

Author: Some fields could be shortened, but others would collide, see example for the City database https://github.com/oschwald/geoip2-golang/blob/main/reader.go#L85-L133 where geoNameId and names among others are used in different nested structs.

My thinking was that is better to provide them all, and let the user decide. Optionally fields could be filtered in/out by users through config.

The full list of fields for all those databases can be found in https://github.com/oschwald/geoip2-golang/blob/main/reader.go#L19-L202

Does it make sense?

Author: Simplified using a limited set of fields.

| `plugin/mmdb/location/latitude`                       | `52.2242`        |

## Syntax
```txt

> mmdb [DBFILE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mmdb DBFILE [DBFILE]...
```

Author: I was thinking that path are potentially long, so instead of providing them all into a single `mmdb` statement, users could provide one path into one `mmdb` statement, but I'm happy to do as you suggest if that's the preferred way.

Author: Plugin config block changed to
```
geoip [DBFILE] {
    languages [CODE]...
}
```
